Speaker 2 (00:01)
how old are you and what do you do for a living?

Speaker 1 (00:04)
54 years old. I am a lawyer, self-employed and manage my own assets. I manage my own assets. I also have a service contract.

Speaker 2 (00:19)
There you go. So, how much do you earn monthly?

Speaker 1 (00:22)
Approximately 8 million pesos.

Speaker 2 (00:25)
Okay. And how much do you think you spend per day?

Speaker 1 (00:29)
I don't know, I think I spend about 200,000 pesos a day. That is to say, making an average. There are days, logically, that I'm not going to spend all that, less, but an average of 200 000 pesos, including all the expenses that I have in the management of my assets.

Speaker 2 (00:53)
do you use a credit card?

Speaker 1 (00:56)
Yes, I have several credit cards, several.

Speaker 2 (00:58)
and those credit cards in how many different banks do you have?

Speaker 1 (01:05)
I have in credit card one, two, three banks.

Speaker 2 (01:14)
And have you ever forgotten to pay your credit cards?

Speaker 1 (01:18)
Yes, yes, yes. Although I am very responsible in that matter, but I have to set alarms on my cell phone to remember or reminders with a note every month to know when the cut-off date is and then I check how much I have to pay and I pay, but I do it. I usually try not to forget because it affects my credit life.

Speaker 2 (01:48)
How do you control or organize your expenses or income? For example, do you describe them in an excel?

Speaker 1 (01:56)
No. Well, in Well I know how much... That also depends on the way you are, you don't spend more than you have. So, it also depends on each person. But I know what I have and what I can spend. But there are things that I write down in my cell phone, in some application with notes, but yes, sometimes I see that in some occasions, for example in December or in the middle of the year, that I realize that I spent more than I should spend, because I don't have an accounting in a computer that I can confirm what expenses I have spent in the month.

Speaker 2 (02:51)
Okay, that's what the other question was about. If you've ever spent thinking that you have more money on what you have.

Speaker 1 (03:02)
Not so much thinking that I have more, but suddenly.... Because I don't know what... I mean, the expenses, say in the middle of the year or Christmas, there are times when you have more than you really think you're going to get. Or you count what you are going to get and that is what you spend. But there are months when that income fails for some reason. For example, if every month I receive 8 million, there are months when for some reason I did not receive 8 million, but 6 or 7. So that destabilizes the accounting and I'm not realizing it, because I'm so used to the fact that I'm getting the 8, but yes, sometimes I have failed in that.

Speaker 2 (03:52)
So, for you it's not necessary to have your expenses and income written down?

Speaker 1 (03:59)
Yes, it really is necessary. It is necessary and written down to have more control over the money, to have more control over what is coming in, because there will come a time when you do not have enough money to pay the credit cards, which is not ideal. So, for example, if I make a purchase with a credit card for a month, two months, if I see that already in the month, due to my responsibility in the management of finances, I see that I will not be able to cancel them, I must call the bank to give me more installments to pay those cards. And what does this imply? That I am going to pay more interest in more time. So, there are times when, in general, you fail.

Speaker 2 (04:50)
So, would you like to have like a feature or an application that reminds you every day to remember to pay your debts, to remember to pay your cards, to remind you of expenses that you're spending more than usual, that reminds you of that kind of information?

Speaker 1 (05:09)
Well, it would be very cool because I have that written down, but in notes, but I have to look at the notes almost every day to see what I have to do that day and in the month. But sometimes there are days when you are on vacation or have different problems and you forget to look at those notes or you put it off. So, there are times when there is a possibility that you don't fulfill your obligations, not because you don't have the money, but because you don't have someone to remind you and you don't really have an alarm or a reminder. I think it would be very cool to have a small accounting system on the cell phone, it would be ideal, and not to be depending on an excel on a computer or just notes. So, it would be another way to manage and organize personal and family finances.

Speaker 2 (06:10)
Okay, thank you very much. No, thank you.
